hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP we don't have time for that yet
because sportsmanship has joined the
call sportsmanship great name by the way
just fantastic name where you calling
from where he called from sportsmanship
she died he did Oh guys no I mean I'm
here I'm here I'm good just like unplug
the charger
okay that's fine I'm calling from North
Carolina I live on the beach in this
cool little university town nice Petey
Pablo fan I'm not a P I don't know what
that is
damn nice only 90s kids will know man
that's early 2000s I raise it sorry what
do you want to talk about alright so I
wanted to get into the stratification of
the NA LCS and like its specifically the
mid tier which i think is interesting
and not talked about as much as the top
teams and the bottom teams where I think
right now we've got TSM TL echo Fox and
c9 at the top you've got fly quest
golden Guardian synoptic at the bottom
and the right in the middle of like the
top four in the bottom three you've got
CLG 100 team clutch gaming and I think
these are teams that aren't gonna be
able to compete at all and playoffs with
the top four and they're going to
consistently be the bottom three and I
think 100 T is going to burn out towards
the end of the split two is I think
meteos Ryu and aphromoo all have
problems with burnout they might not
make playoffs
CLG solo laners looking super
inconsistent you guys brought up earlier
how they have three wins but one of
those this again it's fly quest and
another once against either optic or
golden Guardians those games don't
really matter and then there went over
one of them's against echo fox yeah one
of the game against echo fox it was like
45 minutes of stalls yeah yeah one
teamfight and they want it's like I
wasn't impressed yeah yeah yeah so sorry
you're mid tier can you see your mid
tier again it 103 of CLG and clutch yeah
yeah but the hundred thieves has a
better record right now than TSM
right but TSM's wins and their
trajectory and even in their losses
where they have these huge gold leads
early on they say more to me than 100 T
is doing where like I just haven't been
like thoroughly impressed with her games
yeah I personally agree with
sportsmanship Smith here okay for right
now I might not even clutch gaming yeah
that's what I was like West so at least
from a ranking standpoint so I guess I'm
come on by like the end of the season
where I think towards throughout the
rest of the season I think clutch gaming
consistently beats fly quest golden
Guardian synoptic they'll take games off
of and lose to CLG 100 T and then
consistently are going to lose to TSM TL
echo fox and c9 which I put them in the
mid tier am I crazy for thinking that
optic could be better than fly quest and
clutch I think they're like 1 to 2 moves
away like I just don't think that this
roster can do it like zig is getting
bodied so hard every yeah yeah it's like
team pool do you listen to arrows comms
arrows comms are hilarious just I'm
looking the mic checks yeah well that
dudes like partially crazy I'm pretty I
love it dude I want us I want to see
that team one more I think I think they
could be a playoff caliber team if like
they just made a couple of roster
upgrades and it's not clear what those
upgrades are given that like we're
partway through the season like maybe
you're scooping down into Academy but I
think they won't probably be a playoff
team without something like that they
might be like there they're clear losses
up close you gotta give them that the
the big point of contention here in the
mid tier that I personally see is a
hundred t vs CLG which is interesting
because it's aphromoo versus you know is
his formal organization I think that
those two teams are very close in my
mind ayat personally I mean as the
season goes on sorry if the season goes
on I think 100 T burns out so I'll give
it to CLG I guess because like I said I
don't think they're gonna be consistent
enough with Rio aphromoo and meteos all
having troubles in the past with burnout
see them sticking through the rest of
the split and then one of one of them
burns out it's gonna cause problems with
the roster all of those will lose
motivation I just see that spiraling
down I just think it's murder to bet on
burn out like media this is shouldn't
burn you could argue media shouldn't be
rat burnout because he just came off of
a really nice break
and whenever doublelift had a break last
year he came back and looked pretty
strong for all of summer I feel like you
could almost make the opposite argument
and especially as this team continues to
show pretty good results I would say
like positive results like I just don't
I don't think that these guys are gonna
be like oh this is so terrible not only
that but we're also in a best-of one
system which the matches are a little
less I mean I know it's yeah I just I
know that is still like if you play two
days or whatever but I think it is just
less intimidating right it's it's less
prep I think for sure the difference
with lifts and those other players I
just named though is doublelift even
when he burns out which he did have
troubles with burnout according to what
he said still looks like the best ad and
na or close to it like at worst second
best
whereas like all of the other players
that are on 100t have burned out and
looked like hot garbage before like
reused how to split where he looked like
a bottom tier mid me afro moves like
nted one split like looked like really
really questionable in lane and then
like meteos that's like retired twice
like I don't
and then like I'm just gonna like say
one more thing and then right off so I
gotta go do some homework and OH
Bolden Guardians it's a trash org and
they should have picked up visit chachi
and Hill is saying in the offseason
because they wanted to come to na a to
do they were looking for a team they
couldn't find one there's no reason why
this is chachi and Hill is saying or
still Annie you and Matt Lohr low on
golden curtains but sending them out
okay alright alright can ask you can ask
you want thanks for is my ship alright
what's up so you you think clutch gaming
will take the final playoff spot if I
had to BET right now I'd put it on CLG
barely making it over 100 T and clutch
gaming and I think there's no way they
get out of quarterfinals
didn't you need one more if you're
grabbing the top oh yeah so like 100 C &
kulcha gaming will fight for whatever
the other one is and which
one of them makes it won't get out of
quarterfinals but 100 see or clutch
gaming for like the final slot it's
really it's I've we've never had
somebody hang up on us during the show
traffic wanna keep talking bill there's
like a lot of questions here this is
good and there you're just bailing on us
um I'll call it next week well well okay
mate we'll consider taking it I love you
thanks dude
he'd already muted it like by the time
by the time you said thanks suited I
would say good bye he'd already muted
the mic in the headset like you said I
think he heard the parents coming up the
stairs
you think I gotta do homework yeah
something that's crazy I've never seen
that before I don't I'm I'm flustered
right now all right so do you need a
minute to read some no no we should we
should discuss I mean we should break
down what he was saying so first off do
we agree with that the idea that hundred
thieves is like they're just gonna burn
out because I kind of disagree with that
I think that that's like really big leap
to make because I think there's like
really extenuating circumstances for
most the situations he talked about and
I don't even think that like afros poor
play was because of burnout or at least
he never said that like have I just been
that afro suck during that time like
players have ups and downs so I think
it's just like a it's the type of thing
where he wants to come up with the idea
he's like created an argument or like a
reason to fit the argument
I feel like prolly as a coach and I
don't know this I'm just saying this
based off of sentiment and feeling I
feel like probably as a coach would be
really good at helping combat burnout
because of his like personality and
persona and I think also if nadeshot
stays really engaged and it keeps
grinding like he is I can tell you from
extend like way to like what's of
dignifying self dignify I was gonna say
Sports expert
no no I was gonna say I could say from
experience that when players see the
owner around working hard all the time
it also helps motivates them and that's
what I was yeah
but I'm getting it yeah yeah anyways no
I wasn't gonna say owner I meant when I
say owner I mean like yeah yeah leader
yeah you're going a different direction
I was when I say so dignifying that was
not a hot thing no no I was saying I was
saying because I used to be in the room
and like working follow hard all the
time
oh yeah there's there's like a team
runner role like we don't it's
interesting cuz we don't use the regime
really any sports previously we just
said owners but that doesn't make sense
in a world where like a lot of people
don't own the teams anymore but there's
like a team runner yeah yeah general
manager just manager well except really
people like hunter are more than just
managers oh so you're including hunter I
thought you were saying more like the
day-to-day people who are like in the
weeds with them shot us that is a
day-to-day of guy in the weeds I think
that's more probably and like the other
support stuff yeah whatever but yes
anyways we're off topic
I think the burnout thing is semi
worrisome but I'd be more concerned
about that in summer than spring like if
these guys get burnt out of spring in a
franchise on a new team that's doing
alright then they should retire yeah
just straight up if you can't stay
motivated through a season or a split
donation probably retire yeah not to
mention sorry there's a dog growling at
me not to mention the fact just I live
in a forest not to mention the fact that
the any reason I've done with these guys
I and I believe that sometimes people
just say this but I believe it like they
all seem to really like each other like
I get the feeling that the vibe on that
team is like really positive every is
having a good time I don't think that's
an environment you burn out on you burn
out on the teams where like nobody's
talking because you I mean it might burn
out in a different way you know yeah
what
so I don't I don't I don't buy that I
think hunter T will contest and I don't
I don't think that if they are the
mid-tier like they will be fighting to
stay in the top tier and they'll be
competitive I think it'll be I think
echo fox and hunter Chi I think have the
potential to be the most interesting
stories of split